In this demo, I want to go further yet with networking in Windows 10.
I'm logged onto this machine as a domain user.
Let me expand my Start menu and we can see trainer.
Just for grins, I'll go to Change account settings,
and we can see I'm COMPANY\trainer.
This is the name of the domain.
The name of the account is trainer.
And actually I want to verify that this computer account
actually exists in Active Directory,
and it gives me a great excuse to make sure I cover the RSAT tools,
because I've mentioned them in the past.
If you do a search on Google or Bing, whatever,
for remote server administration tools for Windows 10,
you can download that package,
and this allows you to connect to Windows Server machines from your workstation.
As a daily practice,
you want to get into the habit of administering your Active
Directory domain from your workstation.
You shouldn't have to necessarily RDP or remote desktop out to each server.
In previous versions of Windows,
when you install the RSAT tools you then have to go into
Programs and Features and enable that,
but that doesn't happen in Windows 10 anymore.
Notice as soon as I start to type Active Directory I get links to
the apps that you normally see in Windows Server.
Active Directory Users and Computers is the console used to manage,
well, Active Directory users and computers.
I'll have to authenticate with a domain administrator account,
but once I've done so I can now browse into the domain,
and if I go into Computers I see DEVBOX and DEVBOX1.
DEVBOX1 is this machine here, I actually changed the name,
and it gives you a whole bunch of possibilities here,
BitLocker Recovery, that's kind of cool.
Member of,
by default computers belong to the Domain Computers group in Active Directory,
and therefore you can target Group Policy to computers
in the same way that you can users.
Speaking of which, if we go to Users, here we have my trainer account,
and that account is Member of, Administrators,
so it's a domain administrator account, and whoops,
Enterprise Admins, yikes.
Enterprise Admins is the most powerful group of all in Windows Server.
I'm going to remove that association,
because that's giving this account way too much privilege. Least privilege is what we're going at, right?